#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
apeye==1.4.1
    # via sphinx-toolbox
apeye-core==1.1.5
    # via apeye
autodocsumm==0.2.13
    # via sphinx-toolbox
babel==2.15.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via sphinx-toolbox
cachecontrol[filecache]==0.14.0
    # via sphinx-toolbox
certifi==2024.7.4
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
cssutils==2.11.1
    # via dict2css
dict2css==0.3.0.post1
    # via sphinx-toolbox
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinx-toolbox
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
domdf-python-tools==3.9.0
    # via
    #   apeye
    #   apeye-core
    #   dict2css
    #   sphinx-toolbox
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   cachecontrol
    #   sphinx-toolbox
html5lib==1.1
    # via sphinx-toolbox
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   apeye-core
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-jinja2-compat
latexcodec==3.0.0
    # via pybtex
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   sphinx-jinja2-compat
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.1
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.5.0
    # via cssutils
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via cachecontrol
myst-parser==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
natsort==8.4.0
    # via domdf-python-tools
packaging==24.1
    # via sphinx
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via apeye
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.3
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinx-tabs
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   apeye
    #   cachecontrol
    #   sphinx
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via sphinx-toolbox
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   pybtex
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.4.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autodocsumm
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx-autodoc-typehints
    #   sphinx-prompt
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinx-tabs
    #   sphinx-toolbox
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-autodoc-typehints==2.3.0
    # via sphinx-toolbox
sphinx-jinja2-compat==0.3.0
    # via sphinx-toolbox
sphinx-prompt==1.8.0
    # via sphinx-toolbox
sphinx-rtd-theme==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-tabs==3.4.5
    # via sphinx-toolbox
sphinx-toolbox==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.8
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.10
    # via sphinx
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via sphinx-toolbox
tomli==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   domdf-python-tools
    #   sphinx-toolbox
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
